{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSerif-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSerif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1 Development Utilities}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f1\fs28\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 BP_Material_Preview}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 For previewing a material; see the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "file://Content/ClassicFPS/Maps/TestMaps/Overview_Materials"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Content/ClassicFPS/Maps/TestMaps/Overview_Materials}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  map for examples.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 BP_Physmat_Preview}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 For previewing a material\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s physmat properties; see the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "file://Content/ClassicFPS/Maps/TestMaps/Overview_Materials"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Content/ClassicFPS/Maps/TestMaps/Overview_Materials}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  map for examples.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 BP_Ruler}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 For measuring distances in a level.  Place the BP_Ruler at one place, and place any actor (such as the Target Point actor) at another, then with the BP_Ruler selected, change the Measure From Actor property to the actor you just placed.  In the level, the BP_Ruler will display the Z distance (height) from the other actor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 M_ColorGrid}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 For checking the UV of a mesh.  Just apply the material to the mesh you want to check.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 M_ColorGrid_TileTest}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Another UV-testing material, with irregular tiles so correct tiling can be verified.}}