{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSerif;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSans-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-432\li432\lin432}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-576\li576\lin576}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-720\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-864\li864\lin864}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-1008\li1008\lin1008}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-1152\li1152\lin1152}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-1296\li1296\lin1296}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-1440\li1440\lin1440}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li1080\lin1080}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9642\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li1440\lin1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li1800\lin1800}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li2160\lin2160}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9642\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li2520\lin2520}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li2880\lin2880}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li3240\lin3240}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \keepn\li576\fi-576\ri-1332\sa120\sb200\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs32\b1\i0		}{\f1\fs32\b1\i0 New Weapon Creation}
\par\pard\plain \sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following tasks need to be performed to create a new weapon.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suppose \{NAME\} is the weapon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Create a folder under \{ProjectDirectory\}/Content/ClassicFPS/Pickups/Weapons called \{NAME\} (you may have to modify the name, such as replacing spaces with underscores or using camelcase or pascal case, to make it a valid folder name).  All weapon assets will go here (or in subdirectories).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Use a 3D digital content creation tool (such as Blender) to create a skeletal mesh and import it into Unreal Editor (be sure to create a skeleton for it).  It is recommended you use the Universal Gun Base as a guide for easy fitting to the default character Idle Rifle Hip pose.  Give it the name SK_\{NAME\} or something similar.  (Blender Tip: make sure your armature is not called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Armature\u8221\'94 or there will be scaling bugs for some reason).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open the SK_\{NAME\} mesh in UE4 and apply appropriate material(s) to it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open the skeleton and add a socket called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Muzzle\u8221\'94 to an appropriate bone.  Move it to an appropriate location, and rotate it so the X axis points forward and the Y axis points right (from the gun holder\u8217\'92s point of view), and the Z axis points up.  If it is a projectile weapon, projectiles will be spawned here, so make sure it won\u8217\'92t collide with the gun.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Make sure the skeleton has a physics asset (single convex hull usually works well), and make sure the mesh uses it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the new folder you created, create a new blueprint whose parent blueprint is one of the weapon base blueprints in the directory \{ProjectDirectory\}/Content/ClassicFPS/Pickups/Weapons.  Most likely you do not want to use the simple BP_Weapon_Base as the parent, because you would have to reinvent the wheel a bit to get it working.  Use one of the others.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Name this new blueprint BP_\{NAME\} (again the name might need to be modified to make it a valid blueprint name).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Copy the data table from the folder \{ProjectDirectory\}/Content/ClassicFPS/Pickups/Weapons to the newly created folder.  The data table is called DefaultWeaponProperties.  Rename the copy to \{Name\}Properties or something similar.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the BP_\{NAME\} blueprint, change the icon if you wish (in the Actor section of the Details panel in the Class Defaults).  You might select from an existing icon, which has the string \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Icon\u8221\'94 in its name for easy searching.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the BP_\{NAME\} Blueprint, change the crosshair if you wish (in the Actor|Pickup|Weapon section of the details panel in the Class Defaults).  You might select from an existing crosshair image, which has the string \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Crosshair\u8221\'94 in its name for easy searching.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the BP_\{NAME\} Blueprint, change the Pickup Mesh, First Person Mesh, and Third Person Mesh skeletal mesh values to the skeletal mesh you created (you must use a skeletal mesh weapon; it must have a socket at the appropriate location called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Muzzle\u8221\'94).  Optionally, the pickup, first person, and third person meshes can be different (e.g. first person mesh very detailed with ammo counters, etc.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the \{NAME\}Properties data table, adjust values for fields as needed.  For all weapons, you likely want to change the name, possibly the UI colors and additional tags, current ammo (the ammo it starts with), ammo capacity, and Time Between Shots.  Other properties will change depending on what the weapon type is.  For example, the Hitscan requires Damage Per Shot and Range to be set.  Currently Crosshair and Icon are not set from this table, but are set directly in the blueprint.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the BP_\{NAME\} Blueprint, change the Data Table to Use variable to point to your newly-created data table.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Note that if you set these properties in the blueprint, they will be overridden by the data table!  Change the properties in the data table instead.  Note some things like the crosshair and icon are still selected in the blueprint; for those, consider the data table entries to be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93documentation\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To make the weapon useable, it needs to be added to the ClassicFPS_GameMode: open the \{ProjectDirectory\}/Content/ClassicFPS/Gameplay/ClassicFPS_GameMode blueprint.  Under MyBlueprint, select the Weapon Slots array variable.  The variable is now shown in the Details panel.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\bullet 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Add another entry to the array, and select your BP_\{NAME\} weapon as its value.  Then rearrange the array at will: the 0}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super th}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  element will be the weapon slot 1, the 1}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super st}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  element the weapon slot 2, and so on that are mapped (by default) to the keys 1, 2, 3, and so on.}}