{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSerif;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSans-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSerif-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-432\li432\lin432}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-576\li576\lin576}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-720\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-864\li864\lin864}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-1008\li1008\lin1008}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-1152\li1152\lin1152}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-1296\li1296\lin1296}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs32\b1\i0\fi-1440\li1440\lin1440}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'03 \'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'02;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li1080\lin1080}
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'03 \'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'02;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li1440\lin1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'04 (\'03);}{\levelnumbers\'03;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li1800\lin1800}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'04;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li2160\lin2160}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'05;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li2520\lin2520}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li2880\lin2880}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8250\'9B;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li3240\lin3240}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \keepn\li576\fi-576\ri-1332\sa120\sb200\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs32\b1\i0		}{\f1\fs32\b1\i0 Make A New Touchplate Switch}
\par\pard\plain \sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A touchplate is a type of switch that is activated by a character standing on it.  This tutorial can be used as a guide for making other kinds of switches as well.  Switches already in the project include the BP_Switch_Toggle (a standard light switch the character \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93operates\u8221\'94) and BP_Switch_Button (a big button to push the character \u8220\'93operates\u8221\'94).  These can be studied for further information.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b1\i0	 1.	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Setup.  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open (a copy of) the ClassicFPS project.  In the Content Browser, navigate to the top-level Content folder, and ensure there is a folder called Tutorials, and in the Tutorials folder, create a new folder called Touchplate.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b1\i0	 2.	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Create a touchplate mesh.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0   This can be done in Blender, 3DS Max, Maya, or some other 3D content-generation package.  Or you can use the SM_Touchplate asset already in the Content/Solutions/Tutorials/Touchplate folder.  For this tutorial, I shall use the free Blender.}
\par\pard\plain \li1080\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	A.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open Blender and delete the default Cube Mesh}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	B.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shift-A to add mesh, select Mesh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8594\'3FCylinder.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	C.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the Add Cylinder properties panel (by default, lower left side), ensure the following properties:}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 i.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vertices: 32}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 ii.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Radius: 1}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 iii.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Depth: .1}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 iv.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cap Fill Type: Ngon}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 v.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Generate UVs: Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 vi.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Align to View: No}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 vii.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Location: x=0.000, y=0.000, z=0.000}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 viii.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rotation: x=0}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , y=0}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , z=0}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F}
\par\pard\plain \li1080\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	D.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ctrl-S to save.  Choose an appropriate directory and filename (such as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Touchplate.blend\u8221\'94), and save it.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	E.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Make sure the touchplate mesh is selected (right-click to select), and nothing else.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	F.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the top menubar, select File\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8594\'3FExport\u8594\'3FFBX (.fbx)}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	G.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the Export FBX properties panel (by default, lower left side), ensure the following properties under the given tabs:}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 i.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Main Tab:}
\par\pard\plain \li1800\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (a)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Version: FBX 7.4 binary}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (b)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scale: 1.00}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (c)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apply Scale: All Local}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (d)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forward: -Z Forward}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (e)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Up: Y Up}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (f)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Selected options: all of them (Empty, Camera, Lamp, Armature, Mesh, Other)}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (g)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !EXPERIMENTAL! Apply Transform: No}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (h)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Custom Properties: No}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (i)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Path Mode: Auto}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (j)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Batch Mode: Off}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 ii.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Geometry Tab}
\par\pard\plain \li1800\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (a)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apply Modifiers: Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (b)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Use Modifiers Render Setting: Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (c)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoothing: Face}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (d)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loose Edges: No}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (e)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tangent Space: No}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 iii.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Armature Tab}
\par\pard\plain \li1800\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (a)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only Deform Bones: No}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (b)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Add Leaf Bones: No}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (c)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Bone Axis: Y Axis}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (d)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Secondary Bone Axis: X Axis}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (e)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Armature Node Type: Null}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 iv.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Animation Tab}
\par\pard\plain \li1800\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (a)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baked Animation: Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (b)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Key All Bones: Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (c)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NLA Strips: Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (d)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 D: All Actions: Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (e)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Force Start/End Keying: Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (f)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sampling Rate: 1.00}
\par\plain \ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 (g)	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Simplify: 1.00}
\par\pard\plain \li1080\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	H.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Navigate to your Unreal project, then Content directory, then Tutorials directory, then Touchplate directory.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	I.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Set the name of the file to save to be SM_Touchplate.fbx}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	J.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Click the Export FBX button.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	K.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Go to UE4 Editor.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	L.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You should see a popup; select \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Import\u8221\'94 (if not, click the Import button in the content browser, navigate to where you saved the FBX file, and import it).}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	M.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now you see an FBX Import Options panel.  Ensure the following properties:}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 i.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skeletal Mesh: No}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 ii.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Auto Generate Collision: Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 iii.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leave advanced properties at their defaults}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 iv.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Transform: leave default all zero except scale is 1.0}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 v.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Miscellaneous: Convert Scene yes, Force Front X Axis No, Convert Scene Unit No, advanced properties, leave defaults}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 vi.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LOD Settings: Auto Compute LOD Distance Yes}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	 vii.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Materials: Search Location: Local, Import Materials: no, Import Textures: no, leave advanced options as defaults}
\par\pard\plain \li1080\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	N.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Click Import All.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	O.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your touchplate mesh is now in the Content Browser under Content/Tutorials/Touchplate.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	P.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Optional: give the touchplate a material of some kind (such aSs MI_Rubber_Blue2).}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	Q.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Close the static mesh editor window.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b1\i0	 3.	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Create a Touchplate }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blueprint.}
\par\pard\plain \li1080\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	A.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the Content Browser in the UE4 Editor, navigate to the Content/Tutorials/Touchplate folder, the same folder where the SM_Touchplate mesh asset is.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	B.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Right click, then select Blueprint Class.  A popup appears titled \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pick Parent Class\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	C.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If necessary, click the arrow next to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All Classes\u8221\'94 to show all classes.  In the search bar, begin typing BP_Switch_Base.  You do not need to type it all; the BP_Switch_Base class will appear in the hierarchy below the search box.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	D.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Select BP_Switch_Base (because of a bug, you might have to select it twice to get it highlighted).  Then click the green Select button at the bottom of the popup.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	E.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new blueprint with the name \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93NewBlueprint\u8221\'94 will appear in the content browser.  While the name is still highlighted (if it is not, clicking the asset and hitting F2 will let you rename it), change its name to BP_Touchplate.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	F.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Double click the new BP_Touchplate asset to open the blueprint editor for it.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	G.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Make sure the Viewport tab is active (you will see a white sphere in the viewport).}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	H.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To the left (by default), in the Components panel, click the green Add Component button.  A dropdown menu will appear}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	I.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Start typing \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Static Mesh\u8221\'94, and select the Static Mesh option (not either of the two instanced static mesh options, just plain \u8220\'93Static Mesh\u8221\'94).  Accept the entry.  Hit ENTER to keep the name \u8220\'93StaticMesh\u8221\'94 without renaming it.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	J.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the StaticMesh component still highlighted, find the Static Mesh section of the Details panel (by default, on the right).}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	K.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Click the box with the down arrow on it and start typing \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93SM_Touchplate\u8221\'94, and when it comes up, select SM_Touchplate for the static mesh.  The newly-created Touchplate mesh will appear in the viewport.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	L.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Find the Collision section in the Details tab.  Ensure Generate Overlap Events is checked, and that Collision Presets is set to Overlap All Dynami9c}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	M.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open the Event Graph tab.  If the tab is not there, you can open it by double-clicking the Event Graph item under Graphs in the My Blueprint panel (by default, to the left below the Components panel; if the My Blueprint panel is not there, it can be opened from the menu bar, Window menu).  There is a bug in some versions of UE4 so if clicking the EventGraph item doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, right-click and select \u8220\'93Open in New Tab\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	N.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Highlight the Static Mesh component in the Components tab.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	O.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To the right (by default), in the Details tab, scroll down, and find a green button with a plus sign in it labeled On Component Hit.  Click it.  An On Component Begin Overlap (StaticMesh) node appears in the Event Graph blueprint.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	P.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the On Component Begin Overlap event node, click and drag rightward from the right-pointing white-outlined arrow to place a new node.  When you let go of the mouse button, an Executable Actions popup will appear.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	Q.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Type \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Toggle Action\u8221\'94 in the search bar, and when it appears, click on Toggle Action.  A new node should appear called Toggle Action, connected to the On Component Begin Overlap node by a white line.  (This represents an execution path from the event node to the toggle action node, so that whenever the touchplate is hit, the toggle action event will be thrown.  In the Switch Base, this toggle action just toggles the switch between on and off).}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	R.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Compile the blueprint (Click the compile button in the toolbar), then save the blueprint (click the Save button in the toolbar).  Close the blueprint.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b1\i0	 4.	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Place the Touchplate in the Level and Wire it up to something.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\pard\plain \li1080\fi-360\ri-1332\sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	A.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Create a new level: select File\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8594\'3FNew Level, and click Default.  Use Ctrl-S to save it, and give it the name Touchplate_Test, and save it in the Content/Tutorials/Touchplate directory.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	B.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ensure the Content Browser is in Content/Tutorials/Touchplate where you can see the BP_Touchplate and the SM_Touchplate assets.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	C.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drag the BP_Touchplate asset into the scene in the viewport, and set it on the default platform somewhere.  Currently the touchplate does not do anything because it is not connected to anything controllable.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	D.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Navigate to Content/ClassicFPS/Environment/Props/Lights in the Content Browser, and find BP_Lamp_Ceiling.  Drag this asset into the scene and move it somewhere reasonable (lift it up above the platform by selecting the viewport, clicking W to show the Move widget, and clicking and dragging the blue arrow on the Move widget) to make it visible.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	E.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Click the Touchplate actor in the scene to select it.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	F.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the details panel, in the State section, are a lot of inputs.  We shall only use a few of them. Click the white Plus sign to the right of Controlled Objects to add a new array element. Element 0, set to the value None, appears}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	G.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Click the box containing None and the down-pointing triangle to see a list of assets in the current scene.  Find and select the BP_Lamp_Ceiling asset.  Thus, this touchplate will control the lamp we just placed in the level.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	H.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Click the right-pointing right triangle next to On Enter State Actions.  Currently the action for state 0 is None.  Change that to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Off\u8221\'94, so when the touchplate is in state 0, the light will be turned off.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	I.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Click the white Plus sign to the right of On Enter State Actions to add another element to the array.  A new element 1 will appear, with value None.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	J.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Change the None to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On\u8221\'94.  Thus, when the touchplate enters state 1, the light will be turned on.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	K.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Note the touchplate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s current state is 0.  Thus, it starts \u8220\'93Off\u8221\'94.  Let us make sure the light is off so the states are sync\u8217\'92d when the level is played.  Click the light asset in the scene.  In the controllable section, click the right-pointing white arrow next to Light.  Change the Light is On checkbox to \u8220\'93Unchecked\u8221\'94.  In the scene, the light will turn off.  Now the light and the touchplate are sync\u8217\'92d, both in the \u8220\'93Off\u8221\'94 state.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	L.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Test by clicking the Play button in the toobar.  When you walk on the touchplate, the light should turn on.  When you walk away and walk back onto the touchplate, the light should turn off.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	M.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Type CTRL-S to save the level.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	N.	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0}