{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSerif;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 LiberationSans-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs28\b1\i0\fi-432\li432\lin432}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs28\b1\i0\fi-576\li576\lin576}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs28\b1\i0\fi-720\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs28\b1\i0\fi-864\li864\lin864}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs28\b1\i0\fi-1008\li1008\lin1008}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs28\b1\i0\fi-1152\li1152\lin1152}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs28\b1\i0\fi-1296\li1296\lin1296}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs28\b1\i0\fi-1440\li1440\lin1440}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \keepn\li720\fi-720\ri-1332\sa120\sb140\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs28\b1\i0		}{\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Character Structure}
\par\pard\plain \sa140\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Note that there is currently a bug (as of Version 4.18.3) in UE4 that causes the third-person character mesh to sometimes disappear in a level when the game isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t being played.  The first-person arms mesh is still visible, though.  It can be fixed by recompiling the appropriate character blueprint.  It appears to be harmless: the mesh reappears when you play the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A character has a BP_Character_Base as its parent, which in turn has the built-in Character class as its parent.  Thus it already comes with a Capsule component as its root, as well as an arrow component (for convenience), and a skeletal mesh component.  It also has a character movement component.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The assets in this project are designed for a character 192cm high and 84cm wide, so the capsule half-height is 96, and the capsule radius is 42.   One can use a different-sized character, but things like doorway sizes might have to be adjusted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The camera boom is attached to the capsule component, and the camera is attached to the camera boom.  By shortening the camera boom to 0 length, we achieve first-person mode; otherwise, there is an adjustable-length boom third person mode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The camera has a first-person arms mesh attached to it, visible only to the owning player and in first person mode (in which the other mesh, the third-person mesh, is made invisible to the owning player, but not to others).}}